glossary/README.md, before:

# Terms & Concepts

Want to submit a term or concept? use the template:
{% page-ref page="term-template.md" %}

## Credentials

Any identifying info needed to get access to a resource, library, account, etc.

{% page-ref page="credentials.md" %}

## Specs

This usually means Tests, or "specifications" documented as tests.

## 3rd Party Services/Integrations

## Dependencies

stay tuned for the definition!

## Caching

stay tuned for the definition!

## Rake Tasks

stay tuned for the definition!

## SSL CErtificate

stay tuned for the definition!

## Assets

stay tuned for the definition!

### Minified Assets

stay tuned for the definition!

### Asset Pipeline

stay tuned for the definition!

## Table Storage Engine

stay tuned for the definition!

## Data Integrity

stay tuned for the definition!

## Performance

stay tuned for the definition!

### Performance Monitoring

stay tuned for the definition!

## Gems

A Ruby Program packaged for other Ruby programs to use as a dependency.

{% page-ref page="gems.md" %}

### Gemfile

stay tuned for the definition!

## Code Coverage

stay tuned for the definition!

## Devise

stay tuned for the definition!

## Unit Tests

stay tuned for the definition!

## Webhook

stay tuned for the definition!

## Endpoint

stay tuned for the definition!

## README

stay tuned for the definition!

## Background Task

stay tuned for the definition!

## Vendor Assets

stay tuned for the definition!

## Front-End

stay tuned for the definition!

## Back-End

stay tuned for the definition!

## Cross-Browser

stay tuned for the definition!

## Infrastructure

stay tuned for the definition!

## CI

stay tuned for the definition!

## CD

stay tuned for the definition!

## Exception Notification

stay tuned for the definition!

## Environment

stay tuned for the definition!

## Infosec

stay tuned for the definition!

## Package Management

stay tuned for the definition!

## Build

stay tuned for the definition!

## Authorization VS Authentication

stay tuned for the definition!

Commit message:

Adding third party to glossary

glossary/README.md, after:

# Terms & Concepts

Want to submit a term or concept? use the template:
{% page-ref page="term-template.md" %}

## Credentials

Any identifying info needed to get access to a resource, library, account, etc.

{% page-ref page="credentials.md" %}

## Specs

This usually means Tests, or "specifications" documented as tests.

## 3rd Party Services/Integrations

A service or integration being used that is not in the full control of the dev team nor the client.

{% page-ref page="third-party.md" %}

## Dependencies

stay tuned for the definition!

## Caching

stay tuned for the definition!

## Rake Tasks

stay tuned for the definition!

## SSL CErtificate

stay tuned for the definition!

## Assets

stay tuned for the definition!

### Minified Assets

stay tuned for the definition!

### Asset Pipeline

stay tuned for the definition!

## Table Storage Engine

stay tuned for the definition!

## Data Integrity

stay tuned for the definition!

## Performance

stay tuned for the definition!

### Performance Monitoring

stay tuned for the definition!

## Gems

A Ruby Program packaged for other Ruby programs to use as a dependency.

{% page-ref page="gems.md" %}

### Gemfile

stay tuned for the definition!

## Code Coverage

stay tuned for the definition!

## Devise

stay tuned for the definition!

## Unit Tests

stay tuned for the definition!

## Webhook

stay tuned for the definition!

## Endpoint

stay tuned for the definition!

## README

stay tuned for the definition!

## Background Task

stay tuned for the definition!

## Vendor Assets

stay tuned for the definition!

## Front-End

stay tuned for the definition!

## Back-End

stay tuned for the definition!

## Cross-Browser

stay tuned for the definition!

## Infrastructure

stay tuned for the definition!

## CI

stay tuned for the definition!

## CD

stay tuned for the definition!

## Exception Notification

stay tuned for the definition!

## Environment

stay tuned for the definition!

## Infosec

stay tuned for the definition!

## Package Management

stay tuned for the definition!

## Build

stay tuned for the definition!

## Authorization VS Authentication

stay tuned for the definition!
